It's all you, it's all you
I knew it was a trap
And you're forcing us to leave?
Yanyan, you are so cruel
What do you care?
I don't care.
Today, you must earn this money from us.
It's all sent by you
Why should I treat you as making up for your mistakes now?
Didn't I warn you?
Warning you about that
Don't you just want us to be the king of the Wang family?
Three years of pillow love
In exchange, you let us push it in the royal palace.
I owe you and I owe each other from now on
Sorry no money
You spent so much money on a lesson
Of course it's money
What does that mean?
Liu Jiazhu No. 1 and No. 2 projects cost nearly 10 billion
If he inherits the Liu family's wealth
Then the data Liu family's century-old foundation will not part
What old project?
You know everything, it's a loss, you shot it
And I can guarantee absolute profit
From now on, the old project will be Sunset Chan Industry
only lose money
Guarantee what guarantee do you take?
Dad, I already gave birth
Today means it's broken.
I will not let him inherit my Liu family either
Unless I die